How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you 
see the bug that was introduced?

	When I view the diff of two versions, I can glance only the relevant parts,
	because a bug is a change as well. So it should be important to make diff 
	continuosly, in order to serch trough less changes, and find the bug easier.


How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you 
a more efficient programmer in the long term?

	If I can easily access all the past changes, I can do a lot of experiments,
	and if something goes wrong, I can always go back to a working state.
	Also, I can erase features if they're not needed now. But, if I need them on
	the future, I can restore them. So, in the long term, it makes you a more 
	brave developer, trying a lot of new things everyday.


What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like
you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google docs does?

	Pros: you have control of when to change, so you can save only at consistent states.
	This is specially important in software, because if you just save, you could end up 
	with a no compiling program.

	Cons: you should judge when its the correct time to save, if you have a big or small 
	change, or if your commit has a clear puporse, you need to bring meaning 
	and choose names to each point. But overall, I believe its a small price to pay.


Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files 
in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

	Because in Git, we are saving logical changes, or features, of a software. This means 
	a feature may need several files in order to work. Converserly, Google Docs, works on 
	only one file, and if you have several files, they may not relate too much to each other.


How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

	You can use git log to view a high level view of the history of the project, and 
	also, you can use git diff, to see a specific change in files on more detail.


How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

	I believe it makes you more confident to try new things, because you can always undo your
	breaking changes and go back to a near previous working state. Also, it makes you confident 
	to delete stuff you don’t need right now, because you can always go back and get it.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

	I want to feel comfortable enough in git to start coding my personal projects,
	I want to try git branches, they sound cool but i haven't used them yet.



